Hints
Contents

Hints are the way in which Vimperator allows you to follow links on a page. By
providing each link with a suitable hint, you can access all links with a
similar amount of minimal effort. This contrasts strongly with the traditional
approaches offered by the mouse, in which you must first find and then aim for
the link you would like, and by using repeated tabbing which quickly becomes
tedious unless you always visit the first link on a page.

f{hint}
        
            Start QuickHint mode. In QuickHint mode, every hintable item
            (according to the 'hinttags' XPath query) is assigned a
            unique number. You can either type this number or type part of the
            link text as specified by the 'hintmatching' option, and it
            is followed as soon as it can be uniquely identified. Often it can
            be useful to combine these techniques to narrow down results with
            some letters, and then typing a single digit to make the match
            unique. Pressing <Leader> (defaults to
            :let mapleader = "\") toggles "escape-mode", where numbers are
            treated as normal text. <Esc> stops this mode at any
            time.
        
    


F{hint}
        
            Start QuickHint mode, but open link in a new tab. Like normal QuickHint
            mode (activated with f) but opens the link in a new tab. The new
            tab will be loaded in background according to the
            browser.tabs.loadInBackground Firefox preference.
        
    


extended-hints

;{mode}{empty}{hint}
        
            Start an extended hint mode. ExtendedHint mode is useful for
            performing operations on hinted elements other than the default
            left mouse click. For example, you can yank link locations, open
            them in a new window or save images.  If you want to yank the
            location of hint 24, press ;y to start this hint
            mode. Then press 24 to copy the hint location.
        

        {mode} can be one of:

        
            ;; ; to focus an element
            ;? ? to show information about an element (incomplete)
            ;s s to save a link's destination
            ;S S to save a media object
            ;a a to save a link's destination (prompting for save location)
            ;A B to save a media object (prompting for save location)
            ;f f to focus a frame
            ;o o to open its location in the current tab
            ;t t to open its location in a new tab
            ;b b to open its location in a new background tab
            ;w w to open its destination in a new window
            ;F F to follow a sequence of <CR>-delimited hints in background tabs
            ;O O to generate an :open with hint's URL (like O)
            ;T T to generate a :tabopen with hint's URL (like T)
            ;W W to generate a :winopen with hint's URL
            ;v v to view its destination source
            ;V V to view its destination source in the external editor
            ;y y to yank its destination location
            * y 这个有用,复制url地址.
            ;Y Y to yank its text description
            ;c c to open its context menu
            ;i i to open a media object
            ;I I to open a media object in a new tab
            ;x A to display an element's title text, or alt text if none.
        

        
            Depending on the value of 'complete', you can get a list of
            extended hint modes by pressing <Tab> from the ;
            prompt.
        

        
            Hintable elements for all extended hint modes can be set in the
            'extendedhinttags' XPath string.
